## Code Review

Reviewed by: Lize van der Walt, u7679626

Reviewing code written by: Shuo Tan, u7704291

Component: Merchant Class

### Comments 
**WHAT ARE THE BEST FEATURES OF THIS CODE?**

This code is well set out and does not overcomplicate the task. It approaches
problems with good logic, and is therefore very easy to read. 

**IS THE CODE WELL-DOCUMENTED?**

This code is relatively well-documented, but could do with some more in-depth comments especially
docstrings. For example, the method checkRotation has a brief docstring that specifies 
what the method does, but does not specify the parameters. 

Hence, to improve code quality I would recommend using the docstrings automatically generated by IntelliJ. 
This gives a helpful way of formatting these types of comments. For example in the case of the method checkRotation
a docstring could look like:

/**

*This method checks that the rotation is no more than 90 degrees. 

*@param currentDirection 

-> This parameter is an object of the enum Direction class and denotes the direction the merchant is currently facing. 

*@param intended Direction 

->> This parameter is an object of the enum Direction class and denotes the direction to rotate the merchant to.

*@return 

-> The return value is a boolean, return false if rotation greater than 90 degrees, otherwise return true. 

*/ 


**IS THE PROGRAM DECOMPOSITION (CLASS AND METHOD STRUCTURE) APPROPRIATE?**

The program decomposition is relatively appropriate. The inclusion of getter methods such as
getMerchantPosition and getDirection is especially useful and a good inclusion. 

The structure of the Rotate method is quite repetitive, using a very similar switch case twice. 
Instead of using switch case to check for NORTH, WEST etc. twice, I would 
recommend adding the directions to an array and using only one switch case to check for the current
direction. Then assign an integer value to the corresponding array index. 
If rotating left, set the new direction to the index currentIndex -1 in the array.  
If rotating right, set the direction to the index currentIndex +1 in the array. 
By removing duplicate code such as this, the program decomposition is streamlined. 


**DOES IT FOLLOW JAVA CODE CONVENTIONS AND IS THE STYLE CONSISTENT?**

A very good part of this code is that it properly handles exceptions, as per java conventions, 
and when needed throws detailed exception messages that will help those coding find their error. 
For example: throw new RuntimeException("Invalid Asam String"); 
Similarly, as per java code conventions Shuo explicitly  specifies whether a method is static or not, and whether fields are private
or public. 

In terms of stylistic features, nondescript field names such as 'd' could be improved.
A name such as 'merchantDirection' would improve code quality and also be aligned with
java naming conventions. Other stylistic features such as indentation and whitespace is aligned
with java conventions.

**ANY ERRORS IN THE CODE?**

As far as I can see there are no errors in the code. As seen above there are some quality and stylistic
considerations that could be improved, but the logic behind the code is sound. 
Overall Shuo has done a wonderful job contributing to the group, especially considering 
that he is learning coding for the first time!
